@pkgpath devel/pygame,python3
include/python${MODPY_VERSION}/pygame/
include/python${MODPY_VERSION}/pygame/_blit_info.h
include/python${MODPY_VERSION}/pygame/_camera.h
include/python${MODPY_VERSION}/pygame/_pygame.h
include/python${MODPY_VERSION}/pygame/_surface.h
include/python${MODPY_VERSION}/pygame/camera.h
include/python${MODPY_VERSION}/pygame/font.h
include/python${MODPY_VERSION}/pygame/freetype.h
include/python${MODPY_VERSION}/pygame/include/
include/python${MODPY_VERSION}/pygame/include/_pygame.h
include/python${MODPY_VERSION}/pygame/include/bitmask.h
include/python${MODPY_VERSION}/pygame/include/pgcompat.h
include/python${MODPY_VERSION}/pygame/include/pgimport.h
include/python${MODPY_VERSION}/pygame/include/pgplatform.h
include/python${MODPY_VERSION}/pygame/include/pygame.h
include/python${MODPY_VERSION}/pygame/include/pygame_bufferproxy.h
include/python${MODPY_VERSION}/pygame/include/pygame_font.h
include/python${MODPY_VERSION}/pygame/include/pygame_freetype.h
include/python${MODPY_VERSION}/pygame/include/pygame_mask.h
include/python${MODPY_VERSION}/pygame/include/pygame_mixer.h
include/python${MODPY_VERSION}/pygame/include/sse2neon.h
include/python${MODPY_VERSION}/pygame/mask.h
include/python${MODPY_VERSION}/pygame/mixer.h
include/python${MODPY_VERSION}/pygame/palette.h
include/python${MODPY_VERSION}/pygame/pgarrinter.h
include/python${MODPY_VERSION}/pygame/pgbufferproxy.h
include/python${MODPY_VERSION}/pygame/pgcompat.h
include/python${MODPY_VERSION}/pygame/pgopengl.h
include/python${MODPY_VERSION}/pygame/pgplatform.h
include/python${MODPY_VERSION}/pygame/pygame.h
include/python${MODPY_VERSION}/pygame/scrap.h
include/python${MODPY_VERSION}/pygame/simd_blitters.h
include/python${MODPY_VERSION}/pygame/surface.h
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame-${MODPY_DISTV}.dist-info/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame-${MODPY_DISTV}.dist-info/METADATA
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame-${MODPY_DISTV}.dist-info/RECORD
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame-${MODPY_DISTV}.dist-info/WHEEL
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame-${MODPY_DISTV}.dist-info/entry_points.txt
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame-${MODPY_DISTV}.dist-info/top_level.txt
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/__init__.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/__init__.pyi
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/${MODPY_PYCACHE}/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/${MODPY_PYCACHE}__init__.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/${MODPY_PYCACHE}__init__.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/${MODPY_PYCACHE}_camera_opencv.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/${MODPY_PYCACHE}_camera_opencv.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/${MODPY_PYCACHE}_camera_vidcapture.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/${MODPY_PYCACHE}_camera_vidcapture.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/${MODPY_PYCACHE}camera.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/${MODPY_PYCACHE}camera.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/${MODPY_PYCACHE}colordict.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/${MODPY_PYCACHE}colordict.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/${MODPY_PYCACHE}cursors.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/${MODPY_PYCACHE}cursors.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/${MODPY_PYCACHE}draw_py.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/${MODPY_PYCACHE}draw_py.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/${MODPY_PYCACHE}fastevent.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/${MODPY_PYCACHE}fastevent.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/${MODPY_PYCACHE}freetype.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/${MODPY_PYCACHE}freetype.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/${MODPY_PYCACHE}ftfont.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/${MODPY_PYCACHE}ftfont.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/${MODPY_PYCACHE}locals.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/${MODPY_PYCACHE}locals.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/${MODPY_PYCACHE}macosx.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/${MODPY_PYCACHE}macosx.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/${MODPY_PYCACHE}midi.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/${MODPY_PYCACHE}midi.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/${MODPY_PYCACHE}pkgdata.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/${MODPY_PYCACHE}pkgdata.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/${MODPY_PYCACHE}sndarray.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/${MODPY_PYCACHE}sndarray.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/${MODPY_PYCACHE}sprite.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/${MODPY_PYCACHE}sprite.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/${MODPY_PYCACHE}surfarray.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/${MODPY_PYCACHE}surfarray.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/${MODPY_PYCACHE}sysfont.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/${MODPY_PYCACHE}sysfont.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/${MODPY_PYCACHE}version.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/${MODPY_PYCACHE}version.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/__pyinstaller/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/__pyinstaller/__init__.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/__pyinstaller/${MODPY_PYCACHE}/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/__pyinstaller/${MODPY_PYCACHE}__init__.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/__pyinstaller/${MODPY_PYCACHE}__init__.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/__pyinstaller/${MODPY_PYCACHE}hook-pygame.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/__pyinstaller/${MODPY_PYCACHE}hook-pygame.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/__pyinstaller/hook-pygame.py
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/_camera.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/_camera_opencv.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/_camera_vidcapture.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/_common.pyi
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/_freetype.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/_sdl2/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/_sdl2/__init__.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/_sdl2/__init__.pyi
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/_sdl2/${MODPY_PYCACHE}/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/_sdl2/${MODPY_PYCACHE}__init__.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/_sdl2/${MODPY_PYCACHE}__init__.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/_sdl2/audio.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/_sdl2/audio.pyi
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/_sdl2/controller.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/_sdl2/controller.pyi
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/_sdl2/mixer.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}so
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/_sdl2/sdl2.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/_sdl2/sdl2.pyi
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/_sdl2/touch.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/_sdl2/touch.pyi
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/_sdl2/video.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/_sdl2/video.pyi
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/_sprite.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}so
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/base.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/base.pyi
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/bufferproxy.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/bufferproxy.pyi
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/camera.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/camera.pyi
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/color.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/color.pyi
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/colordict.py
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/constants.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/constants.pyi
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/cursors.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/cursors.pyi
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/display.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/display.pyi
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/__main__.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/${MODPY_PYCACHE}/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/${MODPY_PYCACHE}__main__.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/${MODPY_PYCACHE}__main__.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/LGPL.txt
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_images/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_images/AdvancedInputOutput1.gif
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_images/AdvancedInputOutput11.gif
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_images/AdvancedInputOutput2.gif
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_images/AdvancedInputOutput21.gif
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_images/AdvancedInputOutput3.gif
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_images/AdvancedInputOutput31.gif
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_images/AdvancedInputOutput4.gif
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_images/AdvancedInputOutput41.gif
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_images/AdvancedInputOutput5.gif
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_images/AdvancedInputOutput51.gif
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_images/AdvancedOutputAlpha1.gif
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_images/AdvancedOutputAlpha11.gif
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_images/AdvancedOutputAlpha2.gif
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_images/AdvancedOutputAlpha21.gif
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_images/AdvancedOutputAlpha3.gif
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_images/AdvancedOutputAlpha31.gif
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_images/AdvancedOutputProcess1.gif
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_images/AdvancedOutputProcess11.gif
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_images/AdvancedOutputProcess2.gif
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_images/AdvancedOutputProcess21.gif
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_images/AdvancedOutputProcess3.gif
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_images/AdvancedOutputProcess31.gif
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_images/AdvancedOutputProcess4.gif
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_images/AdvancedOutputProcess41.gif
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_images/AdvancedOutputProcess5.gif
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_images/AdvancedOutputProcess51.gif
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_images/AdvancedOutputProcess6.gif
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_images/AdvancedOutputProcess61.gif
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_images/Bagic-INPUT-resultscreen.png
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_images/Bagic-INPUT-resultscreen1.png
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_images/Bagic-INPUT-sourcecode.png
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_images/Bagic-INPUT-sourcecode1.png
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_images/Bagic-PROCESS-resultscreen.png
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_images/Bagic-PROCESS-resultscreen1.png
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_images/Bagic-PROCESS-sourcecode.png
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_images/Bagic-PROCESS-sourcecode1.png
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_images/Bagic-ouput-result-screen.png
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_images/Bagic-ouput-result-screen1.png
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_images/Basic-ouput-sourcecode.png
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_images/Basic-ouput-sourcecode1.png
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_images/angle_to.png
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_images/camera_average.jpg
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_images/camera_background.jpg
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_images/camera_green.jpg
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_images/camera_hsv.jpg
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_images/camera_mask.jpg
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_images/camera_rgb.jpg
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_images/camera_thresh.jpg
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_images/camera_thresholded.jpg
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_images/camera_yuv.jpg
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_images/chimpshot.gif
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_images/draw_module_example.png
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_images/intro_ball.gif
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_images/intro_blade.jpg
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_images/intro_freedom.jpg
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_images/introduction-Battleship.png
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_images/introduction-Battleship1.png
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_images/introduction-PuyoPuyo.png
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_images/introduction-PuyoPuyo1.png
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_images/introduction-TPS.png
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_images/introduction-TPS1.png
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_images/joystick_calls.png
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_images/pygame_lofi.png
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_images/pygame_logo.png
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_images/pygame_powered.png
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_images/pygame_powered_lowres.png
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_images/pygame_tiny.png
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_images/surfarray_allblack.png
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_images/surfarray_flipped.png
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_images/surfarray_redimg.png
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_images/surfarray_rgbarray.png
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_images/surfarray_scaledown.png
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_images/surfarray_scaleup.png
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_images/surfarray_soften.png
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_images/surfarray_striped.png
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_images/surfarray_xfade.png
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_images/tom_basic.png
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_images/tom_event-flowchart.png
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_images/tom_formulae.png
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_images/tom_radians.png
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_sources/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_sources/c_api.rst.txt
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_sources/filepaths.rst.txt
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_sources/index.rst.txt
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_sources/logos.rst.txt
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_sources/ref/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_sources/ref/bufferproxy.rst.txt
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_sources/ref/camera.rst.txt
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_sources/ref/cdrom.rst.txt
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_sources/ref/color.rst.txt
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_sources/ref/color_list.rst.txt
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_sources/ref/cursors.rst.txt
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_sources/ref/display.rst.txt
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_sources/ref/draw.rst.txt
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_sources/ref/event.rst.txt
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_sources/ref/examples.rst.txt
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_sources/ref/fastevent.rst.txt
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_sources/ref/font.rst.txt
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_sources/ref/freetype.rst.txt
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_sources/ref/gfxdraw.rst.txt
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_sources/ref/image.rst.txt
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_sources/ref/joystick.rst.txt
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_sources/ref/key.rst.txt
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_sources/ref/locals.rst.txt
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_sources/ref/mask.rst.txt
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_sources/ref/math.rst.txt
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_sources/ref/midi.rst.txt
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_sources/ref/mixer.rst.txt
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_sources/ref/mouse.rst.txt
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_sources/ref/music.rst.txt
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_sources/ref/overlay.rst.txt
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_sources/ref/pixelarray.rst.txt
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_sources/ref/pixelcopy.rst.txt
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_sources/ref/pygame.rst.txt
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_sources/ref/rect.rst.txt
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_sources/ref/scrap.rst.txt
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_sources/ref/sdl2_controller.rst.txt
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_sources/ref/sdl2_video.rst.txt
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_sources/ref/sndarray.rst.txt
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_sources/ref/sprite.rst.txt
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_sources/ref/surface.rst.txt
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_sources/ref/surfarray.rst.txt
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_sources/ref/tests.rst.txt
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_sources/ref/time.rst.txt
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_sources/ref/touch.rst.txt
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_sources/ref/transform.rst.txt
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_static/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_static/basic.css
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_static/doctools.js
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_static/documentation_options.js
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_static/file.png
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_static/language_data.js
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_static/legacy_logos.zip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_static/minus.png
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_static/plus.png
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_static/pygame.css
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_static/pygame.ico
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_static/pygame_lofi.png
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_static/pygame_lofi.svg
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_static/pygame_logo.png
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_static/pygame_logo.svg
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_static/pygame_powered.png
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_static/pygame_powered.svg
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_static/pygame_powered_lowres.png
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_static/pygame_tiny.png
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_static/pygments.css
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_static/reset.css
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_static/searchtools.js
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_static/sphinx_highlight.js
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/_static/tooltip.css
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/c_api/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/c_api.html
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/c_api/base.html
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/c_api/bufferproxy.html
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/c_api/color.html
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/c_api/display.html
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/c_api/event.html
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/c_api/freetype.html
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/c_api/mixer.html
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/c_api/rect.html
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/c_api/rwobject.html
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/c_api/slots.html
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/c_api/surface.html
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/c_api/surflock.html
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/c_api/version.html
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/filepaths.html
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/genindex.html
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/index.html
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/logos.html
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/py-modindex.html
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/ref/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/ref/bufferproxy.html
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/ref/camera.html
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/ref/cdrom.html
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/ref/color.html
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/ref/color_list.html
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/ref/cursors.html
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/ref/display.html
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/ref/draw.html
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/ref/event.html
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/ref/examples.html
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/ref/fastevent.html
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/ref/font.html
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/ref/freetype.html
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/ref/gfxdraw.html
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/ref/image.html
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/ref/joystick.html
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/ref/key.html
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/ref/locals.html
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/ref/mask.html
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/ref/math.html
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/ref/midi.html
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/ref/mixer.html
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/ref/mouse.html
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/ref/music.html
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/ref/overlay.html
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/ref/pixelarray.html
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/ref/pixelcopy.html
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/ref/pygame.html
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/ref/rect.html
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/ref/scrap.html
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/ref/sdl2_controller.html
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/ref/sdl2_video.html
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/ref/sndarray.html
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/ref/sprite.html
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/ref/surface.html
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/ref/surfarray.html
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/ref/tests.html
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/ref/time.html
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/ref/touch.html
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/ref/transform.html
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/search.html
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/searchindex.js
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/tut/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/tut/CameraIntro.html
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/tut/ChimpLineByLine.html
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/tut/DisplayModes.html
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/tut/ImportInit.html
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/tut/MakeGames.html
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/tut/MoveIt.html
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/tut/PygameIntro.html
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/tut/SpriteIntro.html
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/tut/SurfarrayIntro.html
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/tut/chimp.py.html
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/tut/newbieguide.html
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/tut/tom_games2.html
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/tut/tom_games3.html
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/tut/tom_games4.html
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/tut/tom_games5.html
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/generated/tut/tom_games6.html
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/draw.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/draw.pyi
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/draw_py.py
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/event.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/event.pyi
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/README.rst
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/__init__.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/${MODPY_PYCACHE}/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/${MODPY_PYCACHE}__init__.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/${MODPY_PYCACHE}__init__.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/${MODPY_PYCACHE}aacircle.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/${MODPY_PYCACHE}aacircle.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/${MODPY_PYCACHE}aliens.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/${MODPY_PYCACHE}aliens.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/${MODPY_PYCACHE}arraydemo.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/${MODPY_PYCACHE}arraydemo.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/${MODPY_PYCACHE}audiocapture.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/${MODPY_PYCACHE}audiocapture.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/${MODPY_PYCACHE}blend_fill.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/${MODPY_PYCACHE}blend_fill.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/${MODPY_PYCACHE}blit_blends.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/${MODPY_PYCACHE}blit_blends.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/${MODPY_PYCACHE}camera.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/${MODPY_PYCACHE}camera.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/${MODPY_PYCACHE}chimp.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/${MODPY_PYCACHE}chimp.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/${MODPY_PYCACHE}cursors.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/${MODPY_PYCACHE}cursors.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/${MODPY_PYCACHE}dropevent.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/${MODPY_PYCACHE}dropevent.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/${MODPY_PYCACHE}eventlist.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/${MODPY_PYCACHE}eventlist.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/${MODPY_PYCACHE}font_viewer.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/${MODPY_PYCACHE}font_viewer.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/${MODPY_PYCACHE}fonty.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/${MODPY_PYCACHE}fonty.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/${MODPY_PYCACHE}freetype_misc.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/${MODPY_PYCACHE}freetype_misc.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/${MODPY_PYCACHE}glcube.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/${MODPY_PYCACHE}glcube.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/${MODPY_PYCACHE}go_over_there.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/${MODPY_PYCACHE}go_over_there.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/${MODPY_PYCACHE}grid.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/${MODPY_PYCACHE}grid.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/${MODPY_PYCACHE}headless_no_windows_needed.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/${MODPY_PYCACHE}headless_no_windows_needed.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/${MODPY_PYCACHE}joystick.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/${MODPY_PYCACHE}joystick.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/${MODPY_PYCACHE}liquid.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/${MODPY_PYCACHE}liquid.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/${MODPY_PYCACHE}mask.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/${MODPY_PYCACHE}mask.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/${MODPY_PYCACHE}midi.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/${MODPY_PYCACHE}midi.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/${MODPY_PYCACHE}moveit.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/${MODPY_PYCACHE}moveit.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/${MODPY_PYCACHE}music_drop_fade.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/${MODPY_PYCACHE}music_drop_fade.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/${MODPY_PYCACHE}pixelarray.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/${MODPY_PYCACHE}pixelarray.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/${MODPY_PYCACHE}playmus.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/${MODPY_PYCACHE}playmus.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/${MODPY_PYCACHE}resizing_new.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/${MODPY_PYCACHE}resizing_new.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/${MODPY_PYCACHE}scaletest.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/${MODPY_PYCACHE}scaletest.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/${MODPY_PYCACHE}scrap_clipboard.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/${MODPY_PYCACHE}scrap_clipboard.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/${MODPY_PYCACHE}scroll.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/${MODPY_PYCACHE}scroll.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/${MODPY_PYCACHE}setmodescale.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/${MODPY_PYCACHE}setmodescale.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/${MODPY_PYCACHE}sound.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/${MODPY_PYCACHE}sound.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/${MODPY_PYCACHE}sound_array_demos.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/${MODPY_PYCACHE}sound_array_demos.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/${MODPY_PYCACHE}sprite_texture.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/${MODPY_PYCACHE}sprite_texture.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/${MODPY_PYCACHE}stars.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/${MODPY_PYCACHE}stars.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/${MODPY_PYCACHE}testsprite.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/${MODPY_PYCACHE}testsprite.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/${MODPY_PYCACHE}textinput.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/${MODPY_PYCACHE}textinput.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/${MODPY_PYCACHE}vgrade.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/${MODPY_PYCACHE}vgrade.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/${MODPY_PYCACHE}video.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/${MODPY_PYCACHE}video.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/aacircle.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/aliens.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/arraydemo.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/audiocapture.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/blend_fill.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/blit_blends.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/camera.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/chimp.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/cursors.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/data/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/data/BGR.png
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/data/alien1.gif
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/data/alien1.jpg
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/data/alien1.png
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/data/alien2.gif
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/data/alien2.png
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/data/alien3.gif
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/data/alien3.png
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/data/arraydemo.bmp
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/data/asprite.bmp
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/data/background.gif
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/data/black.ppm
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/data/blue.gif
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/data/blue.mpg
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/data/bomb.gif
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/data/boom.wav
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/data/brick.png
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/data/car_door.wav
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/data/chimp.png
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/data/city.png
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/data/crimson.pnm
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/data/cursor.png
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/data/danger.gif
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/data/explosion1.gif
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/data/fist.png
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/data/green.pcx
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/data/grey.pgm
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/data/house_lo.mp3
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/data/house_lo.ogg
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/data/house_lo.wav
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/data/laplacian.png
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/data/liquid.bmp
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/data/midikeys.png
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/data/player1.gif
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/data/punch.wav
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/data/purple.xpm
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/data/red.jpg
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/data/sans.ttf
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/data/scarlet.webp
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/data/secosmic_lo.wav
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/data/shot.gif
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/data/static.png
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/data/teal.svg
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/data/turquoise.tif
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/data/whiff.wav
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/data/yellow.tga
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/dropevent.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/eventlist.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/font_viewer.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/fonty.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/freetype_misc.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/glcube.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/go_over_there.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/grid.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/headless_no_windows_needed.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/joystick.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/liquid.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/mask.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/midi.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/moveit.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/music_drop_fade.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/pixelarray.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/playmus.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/resizing_new.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/scaletest.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/scrap_clipboard.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/scroll.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/setmodescale.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/sound.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/sound_array_demos.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/sprite_texture.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/stars.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/testsprite.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/textinput.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/vgrade.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/video.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/fastevent.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/fastevent.pyi
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/font.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/font.pyi
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/freesansbold.ttf
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/freetype.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/freetype.pyi
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/ftfont.py
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/gfxdraw.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/gfxdraw.pyi
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/image.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/image.pyi
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/imageext.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}so
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/joystick.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/joystick.pyi
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/key.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/key.pyi
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/locals.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/locals.pyi
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/macosx.py
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/mask.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/mask.pyi
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/math.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/math.pyi
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/midi.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/midi.pyi
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/mixer.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/mixer.pyi
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/mixer_music.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/mixer_music.pyi
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/mouse.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/mouse.pyi
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/newbuffer.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}so
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/pixelarray.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/pixelarray.pyi
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/pixelcopy.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/pixelcopy.pyi
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/pkgdata.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/py.typed
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/pygame.ico
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/pygame_icon.bmp
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/pygame_icon.icns
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/pygame_icon_mac.bmp
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/pypm.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}so
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/rect.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/rect.pyi
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/rwobject.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/rwobject.pyi
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/scrap.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/scrap.pyi
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/sndarray.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/sndarray.pyi
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/sprite.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/sprite.pyi
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/surface.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/surface.pyi
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/surfarray.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/surfarray.pyi
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/surflock.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/surflock.pyi
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/sysfont.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/__init__.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/__main__.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}__init__.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}__init__.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}__main__.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}__main__.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}base_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}base_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}blit_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}blit_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}bufferproxy_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}bufferproxy_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}camera_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}camera_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}color_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}color_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}constants_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}constants_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}controller_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}controller_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}cursors_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}cursors_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}display_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}display_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}docs_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}docs_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}draw_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}draw_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}event_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}event_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}font_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}font_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}freetype_tags.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}freetype_tags.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}freetype_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}freetype_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}ftfont_tags.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}ftfont_tags.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}ftfont_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}ftfont_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}gfxdraw_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}gfxdraw_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}image__save_gl_surface_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}image__save_gl_surface_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}image_tags.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}image_tags.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}image_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}image_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}imageext_tags.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}imageext_tags.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}imageext_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}imageext_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}joystick_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}joystick_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}key_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}key_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}locals_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}locals_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}mask_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}mask_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}math_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}math_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}midi_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}midi_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}mixer_music_tags.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}mixer_music_tags.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}mixer_music_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}mixer_music_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}mixer_tags.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}mixer_tags.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}mixer_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}mixer_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}mouse_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}mouse_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}pixelarray_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}pixelarray_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}pixelcopy_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}pixelcopy_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}rect_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}rect_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}rwobject_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}rwobject_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}scrap_tags.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}scrap_tags.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}scrap_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}scrap_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}sndarray_tags.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}sndarray_tags.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}sndarray_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}sndarray_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}sprite_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}sprite_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}surface_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}surface_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}surfarray_tags.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}surfarray_tags.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}surfarray_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}surfarray_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}surflock_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}surflock_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}sysfont_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}sysfont_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}threads_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}threads_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}time_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}time_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}touch_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}touch_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}transform_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}transform_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}version_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}version_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}video_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}video_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/base_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/blit_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/bufferproxy_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/camera_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/color_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/constants_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/controller_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/cursors_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/display_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/docs_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/draw_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/event_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/fixtures/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/fixtures/fonts/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/fixtures/fonts/A_PyGameMono-8.png
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/fixtures/fonts/PlayfairDisplaySemibold.ttf
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/fixtures/fonts/PyGameMono-18-100dpi.bdf
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/fixtures/fonts/PyGameMono-18-75dpi.bdf
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/fixtures/fonts/PyGameMono-8.bdf
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/fixtures/fonts/PyGameMono.otf
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/fixtures/fonts/test_fixed.otf
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/fixtures/fonts/test_sans.ttf
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/fixtures/fonts/u13079_PyGameMono-8.png
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/fixtures/xbm_cursors/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/fixtures/xbm_cursors/white_sizing.xbm
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/fixtures/xbm_cursors/white_sizing_mask.xbm
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/font_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/freetype_tags.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/freetype_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/ftfont_tags.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/ftfont_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/gfxdraw_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/image__save_gl_surface_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/image_tags.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/image_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/imageext_tags.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/imageext_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/joystick_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/key_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/locals_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/mask_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/math_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/midi_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/mixer_music_tags.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/mixer_music_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/mixer_tags.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/mixer_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/mouse_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/pixelarray_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/pixelcopy_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/rect_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/__init__.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}__init__.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}__init__.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}run_tests__test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}run_tests__test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/all_ok/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/all_ok/__init__.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/all_ok/${MODPY_PYCACHE}/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/all_ok/${MODPY_PYCACHE}__init__.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/all_ok/${MODPY_PYCACHE}__init__.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/all_ok/${MODPY_PYCACHE}fake_2_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/all_ok/${MODPY_PYCACHE}fake_2_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/all_ok/${MODPY_PYCACHE}fake_3_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/all_ok/${MODPY_PYCACHE}fake_3_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/all_ok/${MODPY_PYCACHE}fake_4_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/all_ok/${MODPY_PYCACHE}fake_4_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/all_ok/${MODPY_PYCACHE}fake_5_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/all_ok/${MODPY_PYCACHE}fake_5_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/all_ok/${MODPY_PYCACHE}fake_6_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/all_ok/${MODPY_PYCACHE}fake_6_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/all_ok/${MODPY_PYCACHE}no_assertions__ret_code_of_1__test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/all_ok/${MODPY_PYCACHE}no_assertions__ret_code_of_1__test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/all_ok/${MODPY_PYCACHE}zero_tests_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/all_ok/${MODPY_PYCACHE}zero_tests_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/all_ok/fake_2_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/all_ok/fake_3_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/all_ok/fake_4_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/all_ok/fake_5_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/all_ok/fake_6_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/all_ok/no_assertions__ret_code_of_1__test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/all_ok/zero_tests_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/everything/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/everything/__init__.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/everything/${MODPY_PYCACHE}/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/everything/${MODPY_PYCACHE}__init__.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/everything/${MODPY_PYCACHE}__init__.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/everything/${MODPY_PYCACHE}fake_2_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/everything/${MODPY_PYCACHE}fake_2_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/everything/${MODPY_PYCACHE}incomplete_todo_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/everything/${MODPY_PYCACHE}incomplete_todo_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/everything/${MODPY_PYCACHE}magic_tag_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/everything/${MODPY_PYCACHE}magic_tag_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/everything/${MODPY_PYCACHE}sleep_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/everything/${MODPY_PYCACHE}sleep_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/everything/fake_2_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/everything/incomplete_todo_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/everything/magic_tag_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/everything/sleep_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/exclude/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/exclude/__init__.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/exclude/${MODPY_PYCACHE}/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/exclude/${MODPY_PYCACHE}__init__.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/exclude/${MODPY_PYCACHE}__init__.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/exclude/${MODPY_PYCACHE}fake_2_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/exclude/${MODPY_PYCACHE}fake_2_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/exclude/${MODPY_PYCACHE}invisible_tag_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/exclude/${MODPY_PYCACHE}invisible_tag_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/exclude/${MODPY_PYCACHE}magic_tag_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/exclude/${MODPY_PYCACHE}magic_tag_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/exclude/fake_2_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/exclude/invisible_tag_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/exclude/magic_tag_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/failures1/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/failures1/__init__.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/failures1/${MODPY_PYCACHE}/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/failures1/${MODPY_PYCACHE}__init__.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/failures1/${MODPY_PYCACHE}__init__.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/failures1/${MODPY_PYCACHE}fake_2_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/failures1/${MODPY_PYCACHE}fake_2_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/failures1/${MODPY_PYCACHE}fake_3_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/failures1/${MODPY_PYCACHE}fake_3_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/failures1/${MODPY_PYCACHE}fake_4_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/failures1/${MODPY_PYCACHE}fake_4_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/failures1/fake_2_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/failures1/fake_3_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/failures1/fake_4_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/incomplete/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/incomplete/__init__.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/incomplete/${MODPY_PYCACHE}/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/incomplete/${MODPY_PYCACHE}__init__.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/incomplete/${MODPY_PYCACHE}__init__.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/incomplete/${MODPY_PYCACHE}fake_2_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/incomplete/${MODPY_PYCACHE}fake_2_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/incomplete/${MODPY_PYCACHE}fake_3_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/incomplete/${MODPY_PYCACHE}fake_3_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/incomplete/fake_2_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/incomplete/fake_3_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/incomplete_todo/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/incomplete_todo/__init__.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/incomplete_todo/${MODPY_PYCACHE}/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/incomplete_todo/${MODPY_PYCACHE}__init__.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/incomplete_todo/${MODPY_PYCACHE}__init__.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/incomplete_todo/${MODPY_PYCACHE}fake_2_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/incomplete_todo/${MODPY_PYCACHE}fake_2_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/incomplete_todo/${MODPY_PYCACHE}fake_3_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/incomplete_todo/${MODPY_PYCACHE}fake_3_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/incomplete_todo/fake_2_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/incomplete_todo/fake_3_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/infinite_loop/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/infinite_loop/__init__.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/infinite_loop/${MODPY_PYCACHE}/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/infinite_loop/${MODPY_PYCACHE}__init__.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/infinite_loop/${MODPY_PYCACHE}__init__.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/infinite_loop/${MODPY_PYCACHE}fake_1_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/infinite_loop/${MODPY_PYCACHE}fake_1_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/infinite_loop/${MODPY_PYCACHE}fake_2_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/infinite_loop/${MODPY_PYCACHE}fake_2_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/infinite_loop/fake_1_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/infinite_loop/fake_2_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/print_stderr/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/print_stderr/__init__.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/print_stderr/${MODPY_PYCACHE}/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/print_stderr/${MODPY_PYCACHE}__init__.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/print_stderr/${MODPY_PYCACHE}__init__.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/print_stderr/${MODPY_PYCACHE}fake_2_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/print_stderr/${MODPY_PYCACHE}fake_2_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/print_stderr/${MODPY_PYCACHE}fake_3_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/print_stderr/${MODPY_PYCACHE}fake_3_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/print_stderr/${MODPY_PYCACHE}fake_4_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/print_stderr/${MODPY_PYCACHE}fake_4_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/print_stderr/fake_2_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/print_stderr/fake_3_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/print_stderr/fake_4_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/print_stdout/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/print_stdout/__init__.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/print_stdout/${MODPY_PYCACHE}/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/print_stdout/${MODPY_PYCACHE}__init__.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/print_stdout/${MODPY_PYCACHE}__init__.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/print_stdout/${MODPY_PYCACHE}fake_2_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/print_stdout/${MODPY_PYCACHE}fake_2_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/print_stdout/${MODPY_PYCACHE}fake_3_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/print_stdout/${MODPY_PYCACHE}fake_3_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/print_stdout/${MODPY_PYCACHE}fake_4_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/print_stdout/${MODPY_PYCACHE}fake_4_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/print_stdout/fake_2_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/print_stdout/fake_3_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/print_stdout/fake_4_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/run_tests__test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/timeout/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/timeout/__init__.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/timeout/${MODPY_PYCACHE}/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/timeout/${MODPY_PYCACHE}__init__.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/timeout/${MODPY_PYCACHE}__init__.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/timeout/${MODPY_PYCACHE}fake_2_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/timeout/${MODPY_PYCACHE}fake_2_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/timeout/${MODPY_PYCACHE}sleep_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/timeout/${MODPY_PYCACHE}sleep_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/timeout/fake_2_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/timeout/sleep_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/rwobject_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/scrap_tags.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/scrap_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/sndarray_tags.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/sndarray_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/sprite_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/surface_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/surfarray_tags.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/surfarray_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/surflock_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/sysfont_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/test_utils/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/test_utils/__init__.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/test_utils/${MODPY_PYCACHE}/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/test_utils/${MODPY_PYCACHE}__init__.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/test_utils/${MODPY_PYCACHE}__init__.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/test_utils/${MODPY_PYCACHE}arrinter.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/test_utils/${MODPY_PYCACHE}arrinter.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/test_utils/${MODPY_PYCACHE}async_sub.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/test_utils/${MODPY_PYCACHE}async_sub.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/test_utils/${MODPY_PYCACHE}buftools.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/test_utils/${MODPY_PYCACHE}buftools.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/test_utils/${MODPY_PYCACHE}endian.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/test_utils/${MODPY_PYCACHE}endian.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/test_utils/${MODPY_PYCACHE}png.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/test_utils/${MODPY_PYCACHE}png.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/test_utils/${MODPY_PYCACHE}run_tests.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/test_utils/${MODPY_PYCACHE}run_tests.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/test_utils/${MODPY_PYCACHE}test_machinery.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/test_utils/${MODPY_PYCACHE}test_machinery.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/test_utils/${MODPY_PYCACHE}test_runner.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/test_utils/${MODPY_PYCACHE}test_runner.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/test_utils/arrinter.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/test_utils/async_sub.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/test_utils/buftools.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/test_utils/endian.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/test_utils/png.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/test_utils/run_tests.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/test_utils/test_machinery.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/test_utils/test_runner.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/threads_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/time_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/touch_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/transform_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/version_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/video_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/threads/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/threads/__init__.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/threads/${MODPY_PYCACHE}/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/threads/${MODPY_PYCACHE}__init__.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/threads/${MODPY_PYCACHE}__init__.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/time.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/time.pyi
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/transform.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/transform.pyi
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/version.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/version.pyi
